depending upon where you go in where you're working you're gonna always
deal with different types of personalities Taipei's all the way down
right you know if you're working in more of a specialized community
you're gonna find a lot more type B. personalities people that do
not want to fail that are driven to success driven to win another place
that you're gonna work sometimes people are content with mediocrity
and only doing what needs to be done to go home for the day you've
got to understand what drives people what their influences are and
then work with them at their level it's gonna be very challenging
to try and turn somebody from one personality type to another so you
have to kind of work with where they're at and understand those types
and find out what their strengths and weaknesses are and build them
up and then as long as you move towards a common goal